:one: What does the start-up do?
We sell a system composed by a bracelet and an app that allows the parents to have fully control off their kids status and location.

:two: What is unique about the start-up? Or in other words, what gives your company a competitive advantage?
It’s something completely new in the occidental market, but we have a secured buying sector that is willing for a product like this. Our product also mix different utilities in a single device and it's no health damaging, quite the oposit from some chinesse models.

:three: What big problem does it solve?
The inability of keep track of your children when they aren’t around. It also avoids you to use different objects as a thermometer or a pulsometer.

:four: How big can the start-up get?	
It is relative but it can get big if we are able to make it something indispensable for every family. It depends on the product acceptation, we don’t see why to put limits. One important thing to have in mind is that we will have a contract with another company, thath will produce our product pieces. Despite that, we will build the bracelets using the pieces by ourselves (through a small working team) so having to produce more bracelets will mean to increase our infraestructures and workers, something quite difficult and risky in some situations.

:five: What is the actual addressable market?
All the parents worried about their little children safety. Right now there are around 3.862.000 families in Spain that could be possible clients (taking into consideration rental factors).

:six: Why would someone be "compelled" to purchase your product or service?
They will be able to secure their children safety, something that will reassure them. Now a days kids are daily exposed to a big ammount of dangers (at least that's what people think) so guaranting their safety will be something worth.

:seven: Can you describe your MVP?
A preview of our mobile application that shows which kind of data are you going to be able to see about your child. We will make also a bracelet non-operative prototype to show how it will look like. 

:eight: How do you plan to acquire customers?
We will do a website where you can directly buy the product. We pretend to speak with the responsible from different kinder gardens to give them the option to use the product in their centres, something that will also arise the product popularity.  

:nine: Who is the end user? (Customer Profile)
Parents (mainly mothers) with childs from 0 to 3 years old that are worried about their children conditions and safety.

:keycap_ten: Can you explain the Customer Research done with your start-up?
We did a google form and we sent it to 80 people (40 mothers and 40 fathers with less than 3 years old child).  Looking at the results we can determine who is really willing to buy our product, our potential client. 
